{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red52\green52\blue52;
\red117\green117\blue117;\red117\green117\blue117;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000\c0;\cssrgb\c26725\c26725\c26659;
\cssrgb\c53451\c53451\c53317;\cssrgb\c53451\c53451\c53317;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Instructor Feedback:\
\
Score 20/20\
\cf2 \cb3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Clinical #5 - loved the arbitrary values for age. hoped you'd create age at present. I'll clarify in future classes. but for now here's an arbitrary reduction in points (-0.37)\
\
Clinical #6 - round down for age reported in years\
\
Clinical #7 - if future data has new cancer values it might be more robust to use !='Normal'\
\
Clinical #7&8 - a robust and high resolution solution might be groupby('diagnosis)['age_at_diagnosis'].mean() this will handle future values of diagnosis and retain high resolution. \
\
Somatic #4 or #6 - Your iloc[] method works only if you use  sort_values() first like you did in #6. The .mode() is correct for either.\
\
Somatic #7 - a handy method in pandas is .to_list() which will convert a series, column, or index into a list. Furthermore, you can convert a series, column, or index directly into a set using set() without first converting it into a list.\
\
Somatic #8 - which you apparently knew because you did it in this step. I've added 'Silent Patient' to my library list. Your grade will be heavily dependent on how I feel about this book. I take recommendations seriously.\
\
\outl0\strokewidth0 Gevork Harootunian\'a0,\'a0Mar 11 at 9:45pm\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec6 \
\strokec4 Hey Lucas, I've readjusted your score to 100%. You did an awesome job as usual.\
}